The data and code located in this repository introduce an international preparatory class learner corpus (N = 117 texts), short IVK -Ler, a longitudinal annotated L2 learner corpus of weekly writings produced in a period between February 2020 and July 2021 by a group of adolescents (N =18) in a class setting. 
In order to analyze how language performance, writing quality, and L2 proficiency of learners of the preparatory class change over time, I address complexity from the CAF triad already mentioned above. I use a broad range of complexity features (N = 524) from the domains of syntax, lexicon, morphology, discourse, language use, and human language processing extracted from the automatic tool CTAP  to answer the following question:
Q1: Which complexity features are the most informative in predicting the language proficiency in adolescents?
After identifying the 50 most informative features across the seven abovementioned linguistic domains, with the help of information gain ranking algorithm, I answer question:
Q2: How does language proficiency differ in learners depending on such factors as gender and native language?
 The 50 most informative features are used to comprehend how L2 adolescents' linguistic systems differ as they become exposed to foreign languages. 
Since the underlying Natural Language Processing (NLP) models are generally trained on native language data, the validity of the analysis cannot be taken for granted for learner language and can involve substantial conceptual challenges (Meurers & Dickinson 2017). It is thus important to determine:
Q3: How much does learners’ language affect automated analyses like POS-tag?
To compute a wider range of linguistic complexity measures for substantial samples of learner data, research increasingly makes use of computational linguistic methods or different platforms to automate the analyses on which complexity measures are based. But same as with other automated analyses, the question remains:
Q4: What impact do learner language characteristics have on automated complexity analysis? 
 Examination of the data will help to understand in which complexity features the analyses based on the target hypotheses  (corrected texts) differ from the analyses based on the raw data (texts containing learner mistakes). 
