# Data Preprocessing
In order to work with the data first the cleaning processing took place. At the first step, I checked NA values. The number of NA equaled 8,895. Of course, not all the NAs should be removed from the dataset immediately, because it is possible that certain features, like cohesion, will not be present in the beginner texts. To weed out unnecessary features, I looked for the features whose values are missing 80% of the dataset length. In the end, I eliminated features that have NAs from more than 90 of the 116 texts because they are uninformative and won't demonstrate language proficiency improvement. 495 features remained after removal. Mostly different variations of the Morphological Complexity Feature have been removed.

Then came the second step, which was the removal of all invariable features from the feature collection. Features classified as "invariable" are those that remain constant over the course of data collection. I took the minimum and maximum value for each feature during each of the 12 writing periods to determine which features do not change during those times. The features were eliminated from the dataset if the maximum and minimum value differences were less than 0.00000005. 465 features remained in the data frame following this manipulation. Three groups lost the most Features, according to a closer examination of the remaining data. These are Discourse Cohesion (43 vs. 30); Human Processing (13 vs. 20) and Morphological Complexity (28 vs. 60). Referential Cohesion, Cohesive Complexity Feature, Dependency Locality Theory and Morphological Complexity Inflection Feature were deleted after the cleaning process. The lack of veriativety in Discourse features such as Cohesion and Cohesive complexity can be easily explained by the fact that the language level of learners who took part in the experiment was never higher than A2. As it was mentioned in Section 5.5. “Discourse Cohesion is predominantly a psycholinguistic construct […]”  and includes measures of textual coherence, such as the use of connectives and textual references (Crossley, Kyle & McNamara 2015; Galasso 2014; Graesser et al. 2004). This means that beginner learners are less likely to employ sophisticated connectors which link sentences or ideational units. As for Morphological Complexity Inflection Feature, it can be assessed by measuring the complete inflectional system of German in terms of person, number, mode, tense, case, and finality. Apparently, beginners do not decline words correctly which could lead to non-variability of Morphological Complexity Inflection Feature.
